Update queue client to 0.3.1 (#2399)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/small-cycles-rest.md

---
"@workflow/world-local": patch
"@workflow/world-postgres": patch
"@workflow/world-vercel": patch
---

> Bump @vercel/queues package, which adds native retries for 429s and ECONNRESET

Author: ```suggestion
Update @vercel/queues from 0.3.0 to 0.3.1, which adds native retries for 429s and ECONNRESET
```
